feat(changelog): elastic-metal-added-elastic-metal-now-available-in-wars 2024-06-11 (#3297)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-11-elastic-metal-added-elastic-metal-now-available-in-wars.mdx

---

> title: Elastic Metal now available in Warsaw region 🇵🇱

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Elastic Metal now available in Warsaw
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #elastic-metal channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-11
category: bare-metal
product: elastic-metal
---

> 🌍 Your favorite dedicated servers are now available in Poland in both **WAW-2** and **WAW-3** AZ. We will progressively add new stock of offers in this region but you can already get our best-sellers like our latest range of Beryllium servers in WAW-3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
🌍 Your favorite dedicated servers are now available in Poland, offered in both **WAW-2** and **WAW-3** AZs. We are gradually increasing our stock of offerings in this region. Among them, you can find popular options like our latest Beryllium server range, currently accessible in WAW-3.
```
